add CS8070 compiler error (#48282)
dotnet/docs: docs/csharp/language-reference/compiler-messages/cs8070.md

---
description: "Compiler Error CS8070"
title: "Compiler Error CS8070"
ms.date: 9/05/2025
f1_keywords:
  - "CS8070"
helpviewer_keywords:
  - "CS8070"
author: "StuartMosquera"
---
# Compiler Error CS8070

Control cannot fall out of switch from final case label ('label')

> This error occurs when the last `case` or `default` case of a [switch statement](../statements/selection-statements.md#the-switch-statement) does not end with a jump statement such as:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This error occurs when the last `case` or `default` case of a [switch statement](../statements/selection-statements.md#the-switch-statement) doesn't end with a jump statement such as:
```

- [break](../statements/jump-statements.md#the-break-statement)
- [return](../statements/jump-statements.md#the-return-statement)
- [throw](../statements/exception-handling-statements.md#the-throw-statement)

> The following sample generates CS8070.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following sample generates CS8070:
```
